README.md, before:

# Resources

This is just a small collection of talks,books, blog-posts, papers, etc that I found useful and 
often refer back to. This is not meant as a complete list of everything I have watched or read, but
a curated list of resources I can personally recommend and consider good or interesting.

## Talks

### Teams

 * [You're Insufficiently Persuasive](https://youtu.be/VzWLGMtXflg) - Sandi Metz

### General Software Development
* [Simple Made Easy](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/Simple-Made-Easy/) - Rich Hickey
* [Software Architecture vs. Code](https://youtu.be/GAFZcYlO5S0) - Simon Brown
* [Seven Ineffective Coding Habits of Many Programmers](https://youtu.be/ZsHMHukIlJY) - Kevlin Henney
* [The Error of Our Ways](https://youtu.be/IiGXq3yY70o) - Kevlin Henney
* [Beyond Developer](https://youtu.be/wYEk0y8LYfg) - Dan North
* [Clean Coders Hate What Happens To Your Code When You Use These Enterprise Programming Tricks](https://youtu.be/brfqm9k6qzc) - Kevlin Henney
* [Thinking Outside the Synchronisation Quadrant](https://youtu.be/2yXtZ8x7TXw) - Kevlin Henney
* [Scaling Yourself](https://youtu.be/FS1mnISoG7U) - Scott Hanselman
* [It's Not What You Read, It's What You Ignore](https://youtu.be/IWPgUn8tL8s) - Scott Hanselman
* [Software Is Details](https://youtu.be/yOYkzecsunQ) - Kevlin Henney
* [Worse Is Better, for Better or for Worse](https://youtu.be/yOYkzecsunQ) - Kevlin Henney
* [Full Stack Developer](https://youtu.be/JiQct3QixMo) - Kevlin Henney
* [The Many Meanings of Event-Driven Architecture](https://youtu.be/STKCRSUsyP0) - Martin Fowler
* [Get Kata](https://youtu.be/dHPX1SzeDjE) - Kevlin Henney
* [Hammock Driven Development](https://youtu.be/f84n5oFoZBc) - Rich Hickey
* [The Value of Values](https://youtu.be/-6BsiVyC1kM) - Rich Hickey
* [The Language of the System](https://youtu.be/ROor6_NGIWU) - Rich Hickey
* [Maybe Not](https://youtu.be/YR5WdGrpoug) - Rich Hickey
* [Are We There Yet](https://youtu.be/E4RarTAZ2AY) - Rich Hickey

### Functional Programming
* [Domain Modeling Made Functional](https://youtu.be/Up7LcbGZFuo) - Scott Wlaschin
* [Functional Programming Patterns for Mere Mortals](https://youtu.be/v9QGWbGppis) - Daniel Chambers
* [Effective Programs: 10 Years of Clojure](https://youtu.be/2V1FtfBDsLU) - Rich Hickey
* [Expert to Expert: Inside Clojure](https://youtu.be/wASCH_gPnDw) - Rich Hickey and Brian Beckman

### Object-Oriented Programming
* [It Is Possible to Do Object-Oriented Programming in Java](https://vimeo.com/56748054) - Kevlin Henney
* [The SOLID Design Principles Deconstructed](https://youtu.be/tMW08JkFrBA) - Kevlin Henney
* [All the Little Things](https://youtu.be/x1wnI0AxpEU) - Sandi Metz

### Microservices
* [Mastering Chaos: A Netflix Guide to Microservices](https://youtu.be/CZ3wIuvmHeM) - Josh Evans

### Testing
* [TDD, Where Did It All Go Wrong](https://youtu.be/EZ05e7EMOLM) - Ian Cooper
* [Pyramids Are Ancient: Let’s Talk Automation Strategy](https://youtu.be/83aHKC5C14Q) - Richard Bradshaw
* [The Deep Synergy Between Testability And Good Design](https://youtu.be/4cVZvoFGJTU) - Michael Feathers
* [Programming with GUTs](https://youtu.be/azoucC_fwzw) - Kevlin Henney

### Miscellaneous Software Talks
* [Head to Head: Scott Allen and Jon Skeet - Scott Hanselman
](https://youtu.be/H2KkiRbDZyc)
* [Wat](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat) - Gary Bernhardt

### Other Peoples Collections
* [Awesome Talks](https://github.com/JanVanRyswyck/awesome-talks) - Jan Van Ryswyck

## Book

### General Software Development

* **The Pragmatic Programmer** - Andrew Hunt, David Thomas
* **Code Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction** - Steve McConnell
* **Clean Code** - Robert C. Martin

### Testing

* **Test-Driven Development by Example** - Kent Beck
* **Working Effectively with Legacy Code** - Michael Feathers
* **Growing Object-Oriented Software, Guided by Tests** - Steve Freeman, Nat Price

### Project Management

* **Extreme Programming Explained: Embrace Change** - Kent Beck
* **Agile Estimating and Planning** - Mike Cohn
* **The Mythical Man-Month** - Frederic P. Brooks

### General Functional Programming

* **Domain Modeling Made Functional** - Scott Wlaschin

### Haskell

* **Haskell Programming from First Principles** - Christopher Allen, Julie Moronuki

## Blog Posts

### General Software Development
* [Beating the Average](http://www.paulgraham.com/avg.html) - Paul Graham
* [Lessons From 6 Software Rewrites](https://medium.com/@herbcaudill/lessons-from-6-software-rewrite-stories-635e4c8f7c22) - Herb Caudill
* [On Being A Senior Engineer](https://www.kitchensoap.com/2012/10/25/on-being-a-senior-engineer/) - John Allspaw
* [Is Quality Worth the Cost](https://martinfowler.com/articles/is-quality-worth-cost.html) - Martin Fowler

### Haskell
* [The Haskell Pyramid](https://patrickmn.com/software/the-haskell-pyramid/) - Patrick Nielsen
* [The Three Layer Haskell Cake](https://www.parsonsmatt.org/2018/03/22/three_layer_haskell_cake.html) - Matt Parsons
* [An Opinionated Guide to Haskell in 2018](https://lexi-lambda.github.io/blog/2018/02/10/an-opinionated-guide-to-haskell-in-2018/) - Alexis King

### Career Progression
* [3 Keys to Career Success: The Pieces of PIE](http://www.mondofrank.com/pie/) - Frank Battiston
* [Reorientation is Key](https://jspha.com/posts/reorientation-is-key/) - Joseph Abrahamson
* [Double Loop Learning](https://fs.blog/2018/06/double-loop-learning/) - Farnam Street

Commit message:

Add NY Times article about Project Aristotle

README.md, after:

# Resources

This is just a small collection of talks,books, blog-posts, papers, etc that I found useful and 
often refer back to. This is not meant as a complete list of everything I have watched or read, but
a curated list of resources I can personally recommend and consider good or interesting.

## Talks

### Teams

 * [You're Insufficiently Persuasive](https://youtu.be/VzWLGMtXflg) - Sandi Metz

### General Software Development
* [Simple Made Easy](https://www.infoq.com/presentations/Simple-Made-Easy/) - Rich Hickey
* [Software Architecture vs. Code](https://youtu.be/GAFZcYlO5S0) - Simon Brown
* [Seven Ineffective Coding Habits of Many Programmers](https://youtu.be/ZsHMHukIlJY) - Kevlin Henney
* [The Error of Our Ways](https://youtu.be/IiGXq3yY70o) - Kevlin Henney
* [Beyond Developer](https://youtu.be/wYEk0y8LYfg) - Dan North
* [Clean Coders Hate What Happens To Your Code When You Use These Enterprise Programming Tricks](https://youtu.be/brfqm9k6qzc) - Kevlin Henney
* [Thinking Outside the Synchronisation Quadrant](https://youtu.be/2yXtZ8x7TXw) - Kevlin Henney
* [Scaling Yourself](https://youtu.be/FS1mnISoG7U) - Scott Hanselman
* [It's Not What You Read, It's What You Ignore](https://youtu.be/IWPgUn8tL8s) - Scott Hanselman
* [Software Is Details](https://youtu.be/yOYkzecsunQ) - Kevlin Henney
* [Worse Is Better, for Better or for Worse](https://youtu.be/yOYkzecsunQ) - Kevlin Henney
* [Full Stack Developer](https://youtu.be/JiQct3QixMo) - Kevlin Henney
* [The Many Meanings of Event-Driven Architecture](https://youtu.be/STKCRSUsyP0) - Martin Fowler
* [Get Kata](https://youtu.be/dHPX1SzeDjE) - Kevlin Henney
* [Hammock Driven Development](https://youtu.be/f84n5oFoZBc) - Rich Hickey
* [The Value of Values](https://youtu.be/-6BsiVyC1kM) - Rich Hickey
* [The Language of the System](https://youtu.be/ROor6_NGIWU) - Rich Hickey
* [Maybe Not](https://youtu.be/YR5WdGrpoug) - Rich Hickey
* [Are We There Yet](https://youtu.be/E4RarTAZ2AY) - Rich Hickey

### Functional Programming
* [Domain Modeling Made Functional](https://youtu.be/Up7LcbGZFuo) - Scott Wlaschin
* [Functional Programming Patterns for Mere Mortals](https://youtu.be/v9QGWbGppis) - Daniel Chambers
* [Effective Programs: 10 Years of Clojure](https://youtu.be/2V1FtfBDsLU) - Rich Hickey
* [Expert to Expert: Inside Clojure](https://youtu.be/wASCH_gPnDw) - Rich Hickey and Brian Beckman

### Object-Oriented Programming
* [It Is Possible to Do Object-Oriented Programming in Java](https://vimeo.com/56748054) - Kevlin Henney
* [The SOLID Design Principles Deconstructed](https://youtu.be/tMW08JkFrBA) - Kevlin Henney
* [All the Little Things](https://youtu.be/x1wnI0AxpEU) - Sandi Metz

### Microservices
* [Mastering Chaos: A Netflix Guide to Microservices](https://youtu.be/CZ3wIuvmHeM) - Josh Evans

### Testing
* [TDD, Where Did It All Go Wrong](https://youtu.be/EZ05e7EMOLM) - Ian Cooper
* [Pyramids Are Ancient: Let’s Talk Automation Strategy](https://youtu.be/83aHKC5C14Q) - Richard Bradshaw
* [The Deep Synergy Between Testability And Good Design](https://youtu.be/4cVZvoFGJTU) - Michael Feathers
* [Programming with GUTs](https://youtu.be/azoucC_fwzw) - Kevlin Henney

### Miscellaneous Software Talks
* [Head to Head: Scott Allen and Jon Skeet - Scott Hanselman
](https://youtu.be/H2KkiRbDZyc)
* [Wat](https://www.destroyallsoftware.com/talks/wat) - Gary Bernhardt

### Other Peoples Collections
* [Awesome Talks](https://github.com/JanVanRyswyck/awesome-talks) - Jan Van Ryswyck

## Book

### General Software Development

* **The Pragmatic Programmer** - Andrew Hunt, David Thomas
* **Code Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction** - Steve McConnell
* **Clean Code** - Robert C. Martin

### Testing

* **Test-Driven Development by Example** - Kent Beck
* **Working Effectively with Legacy Code** - Michael Feathers
* **Growing Object-Oriented Software, Guided by Tests** - Steve Freeman, Nat Price

### Project Management

* **Extreme Programming Explained: Embrace Change** - Kent Beck
* **Agile Estimating and Planning** - Mike Cohn
* **The Mythical Man-Month** - Frederic P. Brooks

### General Functional Programming

* **Domain Modeling Made Functional** - Scott Wlaschin

### Haskell

* **Haskell Programming from First Principles** - Christopher Allen, Julie Moronuki

## Blog Posts & Articles

### Teams

[What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/28/magazine/what-google-learned-from-its-quest-to-build-the-perfect-team.html) - NY Times

### General Software Development
* [Beating the Average](http://www.paulgraham.com/avg.html) - Paul Graham
* [Lessons From 6 Software Rewrites](https://medium.com/@herbcaudill/lessons-from-6-software-rewrite-stories-635e4c8f7c22) - Herb Caudill
* [On Being A Senior Engineer](https://www.kitchensoap.com/2012/10/25/on-being-a-senior-engineer/) - John Allspaw
* [Is Quality Worth the Cost](https://martinfowler.com/articles/is-quality-worth-cost.html) - Martin Fowler

### Haskell
* [The Haskell Pyramid](https://patrickmn.com/software/the-haskell-pyramid/) - Patrick Nielsen
* [The Three Layer Haskell Cake](https://www.parsonsmatt.org/2018/03/22/three_layer_haskell_cake.html) - Matt Parsons
* [An Opinionated Guide to Haskell in 2018](https://lexi-lambda.github.io/blog/2018/02/10/an-opinionated-guide-to-haskell-in-2018/) - Alexis King

### Career Progression
* [3 Keys to Career Success: The Pieces of PIE](http://www.mondofrank.com/pie/) - Frank Battiston
* [Reorientation is Key](https://jspha.com/posts/reorientation-is-key/) - Joseph Abrahamson
* [Double Loop Learning](https://fs.blog/2018/06/double-loop-learning/) - Farnam Street
